go any further I want to say happy
homecoming Steelman college yeah even
though we're gonna lose the goddamn
football game you know that oh you know
stealing college football team and shit
we be losing the people like the variety
teaching Phoenix online
haha cornerstone Baptist Church and shit
my play
oh fuck y'all that's funny I don't give
it come hang out right now if you can
play that's gonna be a funny air show
if you ain't laugh by now let me and
your self-esteem is low and you need to
be dead laid out notice you ain't
laughing is that make a beating on you
or something you better laugh or you
fuck around and part you know what man
take something you the help that you get
you're inside those one you the most
wrong I guess cuz you know friends and
family oh my god but you got alone first
act just went out man I'm friend Big
Sean deafening up the chain rocking a
crowd I'm enjoying this I think the
networks really need to see this show
they got two very free very hilarious
comments on the show moved myself and
they're very professional I love working
with him that's why I chose him up next
of course my homie Benji brown very very
funny brother right now
he tweeting all his women nice kid get
ready to do his thing so dog this just
shows gonna be definitely hot it's gonna
get hotter as it goes trust me where do
you see Benji brown when I it's one of
my favorite ass instrumentals in the
fucking world okay you keep kick that
chick the chicken kick this chick
oh hey did you children poppy hey life
is come on now
just pop your head like thee come on you
do fuck you're here like this now
breathe fish and talk about each other
behind each other's back
I'm gonna get drunk this you gotta be a
man
trip along
my women always holler is hard to find a
good man with them it is hard to find a
good woman - it is because some of y'all
women come with shit like baggage ain't
too much y'all kids but something be
wrong but y'all got damn can lay out
with his gear on two weeks ago I swear
to god she had my career of no problem
she had a son whether you know the
package dear you take the Mamas you got
kids you accept the kids - no problem
we send out watching TV no problem she
set up she just hit a bad motherfucker
gonna put on a crayon and start writing
on my wall I'm like what the fuck - the
Hondo hi let him he autistic I said I
don't give a fuck how where he drove it
I just don't want this nigga right now
wow what is the boy be some and they
fooled me all the way from Birmingham
and is like a five minute flight but I
got here in time to new D Brown out
there I'm looking like an assistant
pastor
right now hey but you know you're not a
bad thing about being 40 plus the bad
thing about being 40 plus is you got to
go and get that uh that exam that um I
don't say it loud and hurt don't do that
that's when you go to some doctor no you
know and his sexual molesters see what's
wrong with you he don't get you no
flowers no candy no nothing you just and
you got to leave it with the greasy
booty you have a degree but I tried that
shit I tried it because I'm born I tried
it but it didn't work out I don't know
the fuck happened maybe I chose the
wrong doctor or maybe my doctor had
ulterior motives I don't know I gave the
fuck I was supposed to do I went in
they'll pull my pants down here it over
and put both my hands on the table he
get behind me and I feel some pressure
you know if you know it's a lot of
pressure when it changed the way you
talk doctor is just gonna hurt but that
wasn't the fucked-up part the fucked-up
part was I look down and I see both his
hands on the table
Steve Brown knows our little man my
mentor so you got to be careful on loop
on that doctor your shoes for that
prostate exam cause that time I got full
but see the fan gear come to show Steve
Brown you know laugh my ass off new
chapter yes this is mr. Smith Browns
night tonight and I'm Naomi college is a
- I'm you're here a religious man I
remember this man undergrad don't get it
twisted or a nobody better than
yeah
Oh